feat: events: Add Lotus APIs to consume smart contract and built-in actor events (#11618)
filecoin-project/lotus: documentation/en/api-v1-unstable-methods.md

}
```

## Subscribe

### SubscribeActorEvents

> SubscribeActorEvents returns a long-lived stream of all FVM and built-in Actor events that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SubscribeActorEvents returns a long-lived stream of all FEVM user acor and built-in Actor events that
```
